<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title>Famous Paintings</title>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=1200, height=768"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
	<div class="galley-rw">
		<section class="body-rw1" id="Introduction1" epub:type="bodymatter chapter"><div class="title-block-rw1" id="title-block2"><h1 id="h13" class="calibre22">Famous Paintings</h1></div><div class="block-rw1" id="instruction1"><h2 id="h214" class="calibre23">Using this book</h2><ol id="ol2" epub:type="list" class="calibre24"><li id="p35" class="calibre25">Scroll the Explore panel on the left to find a painting that interests you.</li>
    
               <li id="li9" class="calibre25">Click on the picture icon to access the article</li>
    
               <li id="li7" class="calibre25">Read about the painting and the artist</li>
    
               <li id="li8" class="calibre25">Click on any painting in the information article to view the image full page.</li>
    
               <li class="calibre25">Click the Close X in the top left corner to return to the article. Or...</li>
    
               <li id="li10" class="calibre25">Double-click the image to open it in a new zoom and pan window to explore the image in detail.</li>

            </ol><p class="calibre26">   </p></div><div class="block-rw2"><h2 id="section-ahead--num_2--seq_2" class="calibre23">About the Content</h2><p class="calibre26">The content for this book has been sourced from www.wikipedia.com. The text and image links are available on each page. If you click the links the source webpage will open in a new Remote Resources window.</p><p class="calibre26">This is an arbitrary collection of paintings to show how powerful and efficient navigation interactivity can be created in what is regarded as a linear reading format - ePub.</p><p id="p72" class="calibre26">   </p><h2 id="section-ahead--num_2--seq_3" class="calibre23">About this demonstration</h2><p class="calibre26" id="p70">This is a Fixed Layout ePub3 book demonstrating some of the extended features of the AZARDI ePub2/3 Reader.</p><p class="calibre26">AZARDI is designed to allow publishers to cost-effectively create ePub3 books for learning and education with extended and powerful interactive features that exceed the features of expensive Apps.</p><p class="calibre26">For more information see the Colophon and the <a href="http://apex.infogridpacific.com/dcp/flo-famous-paintings.html" class="pcalibre pcalibre2 pcalibre1">APEX@IGP information page</a>.
            </p></div></section>
	</div>
    </body>
</html>
