<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title>Colophon</title>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=1366, height=768"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw2" id="Colophon1" epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
<div class="layout-rw2">
<h2 id="section-ahead--num_8--seq_19" class="calibre28">About this Book    </h2><p class="calibre29"><em class="calibre36">Famous Paintings</em> is a standard, validated ePub3 book. It will open in any ePub3 reading system that supports fixed layout. However only AZARDI will be able to display the layout as demonstrated in AZARDI 17 due to the interpretation of various combinations of spine properties used to create a unique and new e-book navigation strategy defined without programming. There is no Javascript used in this book.
            </p><p class="calibre29">These combinations do not clash with other reading systems because other systems treat fixed-layout primarily as a linear sequence of pages. AZARDI 17 shows that the specification can be used in a much more exciting way.</p><h3 id="section-bhead--num_8--seq_1" class="calibre40">Fixed Layout Features</h3><p class="calibre29"><strong class="calibre30">Asymmetric Spreads. </strong>AZARDI handles FLO page spreads with different sizes and orientations.
            </p><p class="calibre29"><strong class="calibre30">FLO + Reflow.</strong> AZARDI handles fixed pages which have reflow properties attached if a fixed layout property is applied with the layout-reflowable property.
            </p><p class="calibre29"><strong class="calibre30">Spine linear. </strong>AZARDI hides pages that are specified as linear-no unless they are directly linked from a visible page.
            </p><p class="calibre29"><strong class="calibre30">Left-Right Positioning.</strong> A linear-no page that is positioned opposite the linking page will display next to that linking page.
            </p><p class="calibre29"><strong class="calibre30">Vertical stacking.</strong> If pages are given left-right properties and the property no-spread, they will stack vertically if the metrics are created correctly.
            </p><h3 id="section-bhead--num_8--seq_2" class="calibre40">Some Other Features</h3><ol epub:type="list" class="calibre37"><li class="calibre38">Full Javascript support</li>
    
               <li class="calibre38">SMIL audio (note the desktop version only supports WebM and OGG formats. It does not support MP3 or MP4).</li>
    
               <li class="calibre38">Auto page advance SMIL reading</li>
    
               <li class="calibre38">Continuously resizable framework plus full screen mode</li>
    
               <li class="calibre38">User configurable backgrounds and decoration.</li>

            </ol></div></section>
	</div>
    </body>
</html>
